[release-v2.5.2 < changelog-v2.5.2] Add v2.5.2 CHANGELOG (#663)
memgraph/docs: docs/changelog.md

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v2.5.2

- FOREACH clause using outer variable scope to allow nesting. [#725](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/725)
- Add possibility to set and get property from node and relationship when using C++ API. [#732](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/732)
- FOREACH clause uses indexes in its children clauses [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)
- OPTIONAL MATCH now uses label property index referencing the MATCH symbol property [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Bug Fixes
- Iterating over all relationships in a graph now works as expected, as well as checking whether the graph contains a given relationship. [#743](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/743)

```

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v2.5.2

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Bug Fixes

```

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

> ## v2.5.2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## v2.5.2 - Jan 26, 2023
```

sidebar_label: Changelog
---

## v2.5.2

> 

Reviewer 2: ```

### New Features and Improvements

```

> - FOREACH clause using outer variable scope to allow nesting. [#725](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/725)

Reviewer 2: What's the point here? Is the whole foreach clause new, or is just new that it now uses outer variable scope? what can i use this for? why is this helpful?

Reviewer 3: No, the FOREACH isn't new. The PR has issues linked that describe the problem. In short, we couldn't see variables (symbols) inside foreach that were defined outside of it, so we couldn't for instance nest a couple of foreach-es and use their variables. I will not go deeper that that because it gets technical and we had a few discussions about this. You can see more in the last comments of the PR but the main functionality improvement is from Joerg's issue.

Reviewer 2: Can we just write: 

Nesting several FOREACH clauses now work as expected.  

That's the point right? If I nest a couple of FOREACH the calculation will be correct?

> - FOREACH clause using outer variable scope to allow nesting. [#725](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/725)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Variables can be used inside nested FOREACH clauses. [#725](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/725)
```

> - FOREACH clause improved to use indexes if needed (e.g. in case of MERGE) [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- FOREACH clause can now use indexes if needed (e.g. in case of MERGE) [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)
```

> - Add possibility to set and get property from node and relationship when using C++ API. [#732](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/732)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- C++ API now allows setting and getting node and relationship properties. [#732](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/732)
```

> - FOREACH clause uses indexes in its children clauses [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)

Reviewer 2: What's new here? Group new for each abilities together :) 
What does this enable?

Reviewer 4: @brunos252

> - OPTIONAL MATCH improved to use label property indexes referencing the MATCH variables before [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- OPTIONAL MATCH can now use label property indexes that are referencing the previously matched variables[#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)
```

> - Variables can be used inside nested FOREACH clauses. [#725](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/725)
> - FOREACH clause can now use indexes if needed (e.g. in case of MERGE) [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)
> - C++ API now allows setting and getting node and relationship properties. [#732](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/732)
> - OPTIONAL MATCH can now use label property indexes that are referencing the previously matched variables [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Variables can be used inside nested FOREACH clauses. [#725](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/725)
- FOREACH clause can now use indexes if needed (e.g. in case of MERGE). [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)
- C++ API now allows setting and getting node and relationship properties. [#732](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/732)
- OPTIONAL MATCH can now use label property indexes that are referencing the previously matched variables. [#736](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/736)
```

> 
> ### Bug Fixes
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- Iterating over all relationships in a graph now works as expected, as well as checking whether the graph contains a given relationship. [#743](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/743)

> - All Shortest Paths fix for bug duplicating paths when using upper bound [#737](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/737)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Implementation of the All Shortest Paths algorithm was fixed so the paths are no longer duplicated when the upper bound is used [#737](https://github.com/memgraph/memgraph/pull/737)
```

Reviewer 4: @brunos252

Reviewer 3: dis gud
